[Renaming] SetActionMask -> SetDiscreteActionMask + added the virtual method CollectDiscreteActionMasks (#3525)
Unity-Technologies/ml-agents: docs/Learning-Environment-Design-Agents.md

neural network, the Agent will be unable to perform the specified action. Note
that when the Agent is controlled by its Heuristic, the Agent will
still be able to decide to perform the masked action. In order to mask an

> action, call the method `SetMask` on the `DiscreteActionMasker` argument of the `CollectDiscreteActionMasks` method :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
action,  override the `Agent.CollectDiscreteActionMasks()` virtual method, and call `DiscreteActionMasker.SetMask()` in it:
```
I think the old wording wasn't obvious that the user needed to override the method.

> action, call the method `SetDiscreteActionMask` on the `ActionMasker` argument of the `CollectDiscreteActionMasks` method :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
action, call the method `SetDiscreteActionMask` on the `DiscreteActionMasker` argument of the `CollectDiscreteActionMasks` method :
```

```csharp

> public override void CollectDiscreteActionMasks(ActionMasker actionMasker){

Reviewer: ```suggestion
public override void CollectDiscreteActionMasks(DiscreteActionMasker actionMasker){
```
(this is why I hate code in docs)
